[Storage] Changelog for preview.5 (#5707)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/storage/storage-blob/ChangeLog.md

## 2019.11 12.0.0-preview.5

- [Breaking] `IPRange` is renamed to `SasIPRange`. [PR #5551](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/5551)

> - A new interface `CommonOptions` for options common to remote operations is exported. Currently, `CommonOptions` contains span options for tracing. [PR #5550](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/5550)

Reviewer: Sounds not easy to understand for this description:

"A new interface `CommonOptions` for options common to remote operations is exported."

Author: Updated as per @xirzec's suggestion.

- [Breaking] `Models` is no longer exported in public API surface. Instead generated model types required by the public API are explicitly re-exported. In the case where convenience layer already defined a type with conflicting name, the model type is aliased with `Model` suffix. [PR #5567](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/5567)
- [Breaking] Cancelling an operation now throws a standardized error with the name `AbortError`. [PR #5633](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/5663)
- [Breaking] `blobName` on `AppendBlobClient`, `BlobClient`, `BlockBlobClient` and `PageBlobClient` is renamed to `name`. [PR #5613](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/5613)
- [Breaking] New `BlobBatchClient` allowing batched requests to the Azure Storage Blob service. [PR #5634](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/5634)

> 

Reviewer: An empty line here.

Author: I think prettier did this. Removed.

## 2019.11 12.0.0-preview.5

- [Breaking] `IPRange` is renamed to `SasIPRange`. [PR #5551](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/5551)

> - A new interface `CommonOptions` for options common to remote operations is exported. Currently, `CommonOptions` contains span options for tracing. [PR #5550](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/5550)

Reviewer 2: My attempt to make this more clear:

```suggestion
- Created new interface `CommonOptions`. This interface is for standard options that apply to all methods that invoke remote operations. This interface currently contains options that enable client-side tracing of the SDK. [PR #5550](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/5550)
```
